Soman, what are you doing?
Sorry.
My hand slipped.
Are you all right?
Yueyao, did you bring any clothes?
Ah, be careful, change clothes with me and go
Song Man, I warn you
On the Shen family's premises
Better put away your little tricks
Otherwise I don't mind telling your father
I'm sorry, Sirius.
The violin performer I ordered is alone on the road
It may be 30 minutes late.
The dinner is only 20 minutes away
I'll give you 15 minutes to deal with this.
Can't handle it well
You don't have to come tomorrow, Mr. Shen
Well, how is uncle?
Our little seven gets dressed up
Not worse than your star
I remember Xiaoxi used to be from a foreign music academy
It just so happens that the original player can't come
Why don't you go save a scene?
That's not appropriate.
Ah, I almost forgot.
Xiaoxijia went bankrupt
Can't afford tuition
Has dropped out
On your current terms
I haven't played the piano in years
Postpone it ok
Here I come.
Guiyang, did you bring any clothes?
Ah, be careful, I'll take you to change your clothes
Violins are not something that poor people can play with
If you don't touch it for half a month, it will regress.
Just wait and see Miss Xu lose face
The clothes have been changed, but